chore: clarify wording for CMM algorithm suites (#225)
awslabs/aws-encryption-sdk-specification: framework/caching-cmm.md

### Get Encryption Materials

If the [algorithm suite](algorithm-suites.md) is present in the encryption materials request,

> and it contains an [Identity KDF](algorithm-suites.md#identity-kdf),

Reviewer: What happens if the algorithm suite isn't present? What does the Caching CMM do?

Author: The next paragraph ("Otherwise, the caching CMM...") addresses that: If either the algorithm suite isn't present, or if it is present and doesn't contain an Identity KDF, then the caching CMM checks the cache, and then returns materials if found or delegates to the underlying CMM if not.

If a cache entry is not found or the cache entry is expired, the caching CMM MUST then attempt to obtain the encryption materials
by making a call to the underlying CMM's [Get Encryption Materials](cmm-interface.md#get-encryption-materials).

If the [algorithm suite](algorithm-suites.md) is present in the encryption materials request,
and it does not contain an [Identity KDF](algorithm-suites.md#identity-kdf),

> the caching CMM MUST add the encryption materials obtained from the underlying CMM into the underlying CMC.

Reviewer: This is missing the "If no algorithm suite is present" case, in which we still want to add the materials to the underlying CMM (using the no-alg identifier explained below).

Author: Good catch. Does this look good?

```suggestion
If the [algorithm suite](algorithm-suites.md) is present in the encryption materials request
and does not contain an [Identity KDF](algorithm-suites.md#identity-kdf),
or if the algorithm suite is not present,
then the caching CMM MUST add the encryption materials obtained from the underlying CMM into the underlying CMC.
```

Reviewer: LGTM. thanks!
